headphones do I need them I like them I
mean just to gauge my own voice you
don't need them the only one not having
all ends right no no no we don't need
them I like how you're mocking me with
that marijuana come on man I'm open I
it's you're sober October yes I know
it's my unsub or a lifetime
how Wells last time you're sober how
many days have you ever done it what a
great question um let me see was the
last time there's some where I was on
the road I could get my hands on weed
probably when I was in London or
something like that that's usually an
overseas thing right and I went like two
days and you know like I did my time man
I belt like oh I get it and I remember
what this was like right but like why
bother like you know a post heart attack
I feel like I'm living on borrowed time
anyway so I'm like well I'm gonna spend
that time as well as I possibly can and
generally in a THC drenched condition
this is not a brag and I'm not like kid
you should try this at home but like I
only am not ingesting when I sleep so
like I wake really yeah all day yeah is
there anything that is that don't say it
like that the way you're like all day
like judgy sober October I'm maybe
joining me right yes I would but I'm
always like smoke this member November
I'm always in awe people who do go 24/7
I think really because I only do it
because I thought you did you what am I
out of your life I always had the I was
under the impression you - I know you'd
do a lot more in shit well let's talk
about that rule okay I get the beauty
for sure you know i-i've been in here in
jumps and spurts right and in those
jumps and spurts
you have become like the most powerful
fucking broadcaster on the planet like
crazy popular everywhere then you can
crack a smile you know I'm writing shit
well it's don't it's only hard no it's
weird why cuz it's well don't you enjoy
it come on motherfucker
wanted to like my whole life I wanted to
be at the top of something real you are
at it I was the top of podcast for like
a minute back when we started it should
peg in the old fleshlight days but like
you are now beyond you've transcended
the fucking medium you got to tell me if
don't wince you gotta tell me it feels
good otherwise what am i striving for in
my career and to be honest I don't
really strive if you've seen the shit I
do but like there is an idea of like you
know oh man at the top it must be
amazing and like no bullshit you're
absolutely the top you have fucking
Snowden on your podcast dude everything
feels exactly the same but different
explain um it's still fun I still enjoy
talking to people like you and I had my
friend Kyle kolinsky on earlier I've had
some really interesting people on I love
I've always enjoyed talking to
interesting people so that's the same
everything's the same in that regard
it's different in that it's it's very
obvious when I go places that it's
having more of an impact because you're
the same person right but the world
changes like the impact you put out the
signal and the world sort of changes and
shares more lovers more haters more this
more that just it's everything just
increases yeah more yeah it becomes more
it becomes it becomes weird people want
to interview you people want to do
things and I don't do any of those
things let me tell ya because I don't
I'd never want to cut you off because
you could listen to you you're just a
shame in your guru I love coming here
and I have love to come in here but now
there's this different onus to it
because it's like I'm gonna use my time
wisely fuckin Bernie Sanders is next you
know what I'm saying like this it's it's
it's nice but this is how authentic
Rogan is so we're making Jay and Silent
Bob reboot and I reached out to like
everybody I know about being in the
movie and you know even the people that
are like oh man I'm gonna go to New
Orleans that's far I'm like you do
remember I almost died of a fucking
heart attack like all right I'm coming i
guilted like everybody into coming so
Jordan who's our producer Jason muses
wife she runs our company she's like I I
reached out to Joe his manager and he
said he's not interested I was like you
know what let me
handle this like I'll reach out to jog I
got Joe on direct I don't need a manager
man some 10% or fucking getting between
me and my boy and shit so I can email
their text to Joe and I was like hey man
we're making reboot do you want to come
play and just flat out on Front Street
as true as the King baby goes I hate
that acting shit and you were like I'm
flattered but I don't want to do that
he's like I'll talk to you about it when
it's tough I was like all right that's
how authentic you are that's you know
you're in a place right now where you're
like can't fucking ruin my credibility
with shit like no if it's not a ruin the
credibility what if I don't like doing
it and it takes too much time I don't
have a mess that is not and that was not
me going look what I thought it was a
fantastic how those adorable honest I
was trying to dance yeah why tell me why
cuz I do too much I'm doing you know
between all the podcasts that I do doing
commentary for the UFC doing stand-up
comedy there's a lot of things three
things you've been doing for the last
fucking decade bro
I mean they've all increased perhaps
like I don't I'm not in the fighting
world so I don't know if your your jobs
there have exponentially increased I
knew you were no obviously cut that back
a lot and the more I've cut that back
the more cut things back to happier I am
and then stand-up has that he's not cut
back at all so this has increased this
has increased quite a bit yeah
so the idea I'm doing six podcast this
week and then I'm flying to New York on
Thursday and then I'm doing Artie Lange
on Friday in New York's that would be a
seventh podcast we're gonna carry that
one over to the next week right but
assists that does not leave any room for
trips to New Orleans to do a movie
though doesn't leave any room to do
anything this I get all these weird
requests to do things that just are not
interesting I don't want I don't want to
do them and yours is one of the most
interesting I know I believe me I'm not
voting out in a spot going like why
didn't you come I just don't have time
it was the most on-brand fucking
response and it was also a lesson and
like let me let me reach out this
manager knows nothing in the manager
exactly my manager is a rare thing she
knows exactly
how I feel about everything so he
doesn't you know I just uh I say no to
everything man I don't want to do
anything you and I started podcasting
roughly around the same time and it
never occurred to me when I started and
I wonder if it occurred to you to do
seasons no right look at once you just
turned on the machine the machine just
kept going and there's this there's a
gaping maw how do you tell an audience
that's used to access all the time like
we're gonna do it in a clip and then
take a bunch of time off and stuff right
no like a television show house seasons
yeah and they seem to do that like I
remember when cereal had like a were
this many and we're done I'm like oh I
never thought of that
yeah it's a novel it's a corporate
approach right I mean they blame well
it's like the same type of people that
would put together a television show I
mean that's their approach as the
approach that someone who was doing
something along those lines and then
transitioned into podcasting that's how
they would approach it the way they
would approach a Netflix show or an HBO
show or whatever it is have you
encountered a bunch of that again you've
been in the space for quite some time
now podcast of course it's crazy crowded
everybody does it but the business my
industry or the industry that I
sometimes work in news podcasting like
proof of concept now so you go into
someplace with a pitch for a TV show and
they're like mmm that may be why don't
you try it out as a podcast and hit
react that's what's happening a lot I
met somebody who was a friend of mine
who like worked a mirror match with me
back in the day she's gone on like she's
producing like a she put together a
podcast package where she took it to a
TV network and the TV network wasn't
interested and she was like this is a
good concept man myself and I think they
sold it so like I heard or something
like this huh six-figure thing was like
a hundred grand I'm like they're paying
hunt grand for podcast now and they're
like no no that's just what that person
got paid to bring in that show it's a
big big crazy industry and so I've been
looking for like the last year and going
like well clearly
he must be approached on the regular to
do this for somebody and clearly every
time you're like why would I bother like
I could do exactly what I want having
been approached a few times haven't had
to be like as I've watched the star rise
and rise I'm like oh my god like nobody
snatched him up yet and then I realized
of course you've been there have been
overtures but of course Thank You Chi
vivre for those who've never been in
this place it's like why would you slap
a logo on it it's your own you built
your own fucking thing from scratch yeah
I'm pretty outside of the Hollywood
thing now you know I don't really but
there's a market for I don't outside of
Hollywood thing like there is some
company that would be like we will pay
you and I suspect you've been offered
crazy fucking money and had the
integrity to be like next oh like what
I'm doing I like this so it exists I'm
not changing shit you know I mean it
would have to be made me cry yeah but I
don't have that so punk rock so indie
film that's so like like you get it a
lot of people like built their ships and
then instantly tried to sell them and
laugh
this was one thing that like you and I
get emotional about this shit you and I
like were there for the beginning of
something you know we weren't there for
the beginning stand-up you're great at
it you weren't there women be there for
the beginning of USC and shit but like
podcasting was something like you were
there for the beginning of I was there
for the beginning of it now it's
saturated we were first wave there was a
couple guys before me like Corolla was
before me I was premiered was before I
go from Aaron and Adam Curry Adam
Curry's the absolute first he's the he's
the number one creates it yeah and you
had him on you know I have not I don't
know him I know but where does he live
no idea think about it like podcasting
changed your life talk to the guy who
was the first guy that was like this is
good he named it you well last time I
was talk to you I was like you gotta get
him call it coconut and you do it was
great wasn't he fantastic he's such a
trip I got another catch for you okay
it's good it's good time promotional but
it kind of is but at the same time it
isn't but I want to tell those dudes
stories but like there's a company
called caviar gold make sweet I know
it's sober October they make our weed so
why don't have a little bit more
days oh you're gonna I'm gonna leave you
with this and you're gonna be in heaven
this is a sativa you're gonna be able to
have this snooty who Jesus is a diva oh
that's hilarious pumped a box of weed
see buddy yeah bro that rages I took the
first row there to be fair let me see I
smoked to myself Jesus Christ that's the
sativa that's the wake up weed you smoke
that you're ready to like clean house
record podcast it's also pumped up with
CBDs but man Mike had caviar controls
he's like Swamp Thing he controls the
plant he works with distillates so he
can take your weed make a super weed so
that's that's the sativa it's it smells
like tell me what smells like it smells
like a heart attack
no man smells like maple I said he goes
what he wanted to smell taste like I
said breakfast you got to get it right
up there it smells like when they
McDonald's McGriddle yes yes bitch it's
like smoking a McGriddle how'd they do
that
he's a genius this was a dude who was
like I couldn't get high off we did
anymore I had to figure out how to make
we'd better so I could get out of it
that's the sativa and he's gonna be a
billionaire man but you gotta have him
on the show dude because his story is
like fascinated his weed growing story
his how he got to this place in life
like it made me want to be in business
with the most like this guy's like he's
got a movie in them so that's the sativa
this is the indica and this shit is like
deep on the THC is called snowgoons this
is indica yes this is all go to sleep
we're going dark so this is like 45
percent THC right here smoke 45% yes oh
my yeah what in the fuck man it's
amazing I smoke this with be real and I
watch them go down hard be real went
down you took be real down I did the
smoke box I've lived the longest episode
of it and then this is the hybrid and
the hybrid is called Berserker I'm gonna
leave you guys these three boxes as soon
as super October is done Oh smoke them
give them out the guy who we do the weed
with I've been smoking his weed for like
two years this cat
our gold weed I love it it's insane it's
the weed you smoke if you're a stoners
and you want to get stoned so I hit them
up because we got ten percent forty five
percent so what did it used to be it'll
change it's like werewolf weed it'll
change what it used to be I mean if you
you know good most pre-rolls you go buy
an expensive pre-roll 2225 rain what is
it like when you go to England and you
take two days off what is that feeling
you sit there and go like boy everything
sure is crisp does it need to be it's
not bad it's not like I'm Jones and I'm
pounding tables III don't have that kind
of relationship with it but it is kind
of like you know like remember our word
a hockey jersey forever
you know a lot of people were like you
don't want to wear something out to Mike
I'm you know I've been married for like
20 years like I dig in I'm once
something works me I stick with it went
vegan still vegan you know like never
really altered since that happened and
stuff so you know most heart attack
right post heart attack have it righted
the day after the heart attack because
my kid made me my kid was like she'd
been vegan for a couple years and she
was like scared she'd never been through
anything real first world kid wonderful
kid but like you have tragedies in life
at shit like that we you know we do
getting regular blood worked on I just
went and saw my doctor I'm what is it
two months ago mmm
doctor late and I'm and did the stress
test where you know you're on the
treadmill and you grant and stuff and
then they take all the blood and he was
like whatever you're doing keep doing
it's amazing he said I can see your
heart because they take pictures of your
heart he's like I know where the heart
attack was so I know exactly where to
look he's going if I didn't know where
to look you would never tell he's like
right now there's no lasting damage keep
going so I hike Runyon every day nice
I'm vegan out like a year and a half ago
cuz the kid and and haven't really
straight back so I'm all plant-based and
I am intermittent faster I don't eat
breakfast anymore I'm not gonna be like
breakfast is propaganda but it kind of
is you don't really need to eat that
early in the day particularly you know
what that's untrue thin people maybe do
guy my size certainly didn't need to be
eating breakfast could have skipped it I
do the same take sixteen hours off
that's the
to break the fast do you pick a timers
is deep enough as you can go just eight
and sixteen you know let's just do it
based on and what's the soonest you ate
them generally speaking it depends but
I've gone I've gone as late as like one
two in the afternoon
yeah that's why I try to make it till
noon the earliest and like by two I'm
ready I'm ravenous yeah yeah I think
it's totally doable it's it's not your
body gets really used to it to what I
generally do is I get up in the morning
I'll have a cup of coffee and then I
work out and either I run or I do yoga
or do something whatever I do is pretty
intense and and then I do podcasts
generally around noon that's when I
start the day and so I've already been
up for hours and hours and sometimes I
don't even eat until after the podcast
sometimes they'll eat it like three have
you gone days where you don't eat at all
no I've done that I burn off too many
calories I thought you also workout it
yeah I just have the hiking stuff but I
love days where I can totally skip all
the way down because the body is still
feeding off of like yes stored energy
and stuff like yeah but um but I'm also
you know I'm on WWE ambassador so that
made like my reduced eating made like
staying on points like insanely he's
right right I knew you just maintaining
now are you trying to canal maintaining
like I'm on the road for the next like
60 well we have 63 dates with Jay and
Silent Bob reboot we've just been in
Jersey Chicago Detroit Grand Rapids st.
Paul st. Louis Columbus has the first
leg and now we go to Texas and stuff
we're doing that for like 60 lissa
detour we're just touring the movie
rather than like I would put the movie
out in 1,000 theaters we don't have that
kind of marketing money
so instead me and Jay are just touring
with the movie so essentially it's like
a comedy tour or like a small punk band
tour we go to a theater we set up shop
we sold tickets in advance a lot of the
tourists sold out reboot Roadshow
dot-com for tickets and we intro the
movie watch the movie with them and then
hang out afterwards Q&A chat Linda and
for me it's like you know it's pretty
grueling schedule it's every day in a
different City but every day I get to
like sit and watch the movie with the
exact audience it was made for something
like walking into a multiplex that's
playing your movie and even if it's
crowded you're like man I hope all these
cats get every joke and stuff this is
the crowd the movie was made for so
every reference every joke like Landsman
you feel like a genius I sit in the back
of the room watch the back of our heads
like a dirty little cock at every
screening man just ready to fuck a
jerk-off I'm so happy with myself I'm
like I'm so clever listening doesn't
laugh it's you know it's like stand-up
but like with the movies and you know
it's not it's we've just taken the movie
and kind of event eyes dit and by being
like hey man come watch it with us
because you do that that's very cool
and in a world where people would come
see me and J anyway talk about the old
movies like and pay fifty two hundred
bucks for like they pay the same thing
see just bring a new fuckin movie so
it's been incredibly successful man like
big sold-out shows we've had to like
double up on shows but watching it with
the audience is like it's it's it's
fantastic you guys do a Q&A or yeah
afterwards and I Triple E we share the
stage which is difficult because I tend
to you know as you see I like I'm blah
blah blah so I've tried to hold back to
let him kind of take front and center
during the Q night cuz he's the star of
the movie and he's amazing in the
fucking flick like I tell people at the
beginning of every night I'm like I we
only get to make this journey and we've
been doing it for 25 years since clerks
because like I met a boy who said dirty
things to me and I said come with me
we're going to Hollywood and like I met
a true American original Jason Mewes who
I said you I think you're funny I wonder
if people would find you funny outside
of New Jersey and like somebody should
put you in a movie one day and then one
day I was that person and he was our
passport has been our passport to the
world the guy least likely the guy that
was never going to get out of Highlands
you know on his own accord but like
simply by being like wait say these
things here on camera now we've got a
movie like he opened up the entire world
to us so it's his finest hour in this
movie like he's funny as fuck and he
cares the whole show but
he also gets to be emotional because
it's about him finding out he's got a
long-lost daughter and shit so it's
father-daughter movie ins and so there
are moments in the movie where people
cry and not because like Kevin fucked up
another movie like they're like oh my
god like he's he's getting me there as
an actor it's been like fucking
thrilling to watch so every night like
it's thrilling to watch when we made it
every night I get to like sit back and
watch the audience take it in and I'm
used to making comedy and you want
people laughing otherwise you if it's
silence its death but there are moments
in the movie where like it's quiet and
that's a good thing and like you know I
still clench my asshole because and any
silence you're always like you just need
one heckler to be like fuck this blows
or whatever in the audience breaks or
whatever so far man it's been like
really fucking beat he's put the seat
out there though the fuck this blows you
know no out of my mouth I was like
damned yourself we're going to Houston
tomorrow night like I left the tour
because Joe was gracious enough to be
like hey man you could come in on the 29
and we had a day off and stuff so I left
I was in Columbus last night this is
place called Studio 35 they were like
tell Joe Rogan we want him I was like to
be from Klump everybody wants do you
know studio 35 and you know fucking yes
holy shit man fuck I was just there
there we what's crazy you were you there
we go wait so you know that theater it's
fantastic fucking theater I I always
know Columbus as that theater as that
Street and then we actually went into
the city and I was like they built the
whole city around that little corner and
shit they like that's been here forever
did you know and you must know Columbus
is the swinger capital of the United
States of America what this is a lot of
things we were staying there we went to
do a show at Studio 35 like years ago
for the first time like almost 10 years
ago we've known these cats some great
people and they put us up in a house and
like you know the house was like neatly
appointed but nobody lived there like
even as an air B&B it was just like
there's very clean and shit and so when
we got back to the place they're like
you like the house and we were like yeah
it's nice man this is in the middle of
the woods away from everything down a
beaten path and she
and we were like yeah it's nice to know
like it's the swinger house and I'm like
what do you mean feel like that's the
house where the swingers go to fuck
should they were like didn't you notice
all the boxes of tissues and I realized
a fucking room had a box of tissues in
the corner so it's the swing and I was
like why would that happen here in
Columbus Ohio and they were like
Columbus Ohio is the swinger capital of
the United States you should go back
with a black light and check it all out
motherfucker
find out what's happening where the
splatters are I think I think I remember
that night sleeping on my jacket like
you know I got my own come to deal with
have you ever heard that was that
horseshoe that's where hustler started
was in Columbus Thomas Voeckler flight
started Columbus is the birth of a lot
of fucking places that's what he said
you open up the door for Jaime
he's Garrity theories that go here this
would change the whole show so Columbus
is this hidden jewel it's a great place
it is really really great place I love
it
but there it's a great fucking theatre
man I have yet to see any proof of
swinger activity myself I recorded my
2009 Comedy Central special at the walls
of spike spike TV special the time at
the southern theater in Columbus yeah
with a good crowd fuck yeah it was great
I love Columbus I love it
last time I was there was like what year
and a half ago year September if there's
Schottenstein oh yeah about a year first
last night party so it's awesome two
shows for his really lovely people so I
go to Houston tomorrow first show and
Houston sold out I'm there in a couple
weeks a sec are you yeah ii saw me a few
tickets we got to sell like 20 tickets
in that second Houston show because
we've not had a show that hasn't sold
out like we played the Fillmore in
Detroit that was sold out when is your
show there's one the one in Houston
tomorrow night but like then there's
like San Diego there's a
Chattanooga that's been a difficult one
cell you ever been to Chattanooga been
we posted a show and it was moving and
we were like I will add a second show
and then both of the shows kind of stall
the certain place of Chattanooga
Tennessee
how active are you on social media
pretty active like I post every day on
Instagram and every day on Twitter I
kind of keep those active what's the new
one with all the kids to tick-tock yeah
do you do take time nope
because we're men a man like we're
fucking much just we're looking men
we're old world oldest how old he is
down to 49 52 yeah
so like not for nothing but like if
that's 52 and this is 49 what were we
worried about we were worried about what
52 was when we were in high school which
was what dead people people who didn't
take vitamins people didn't exercise
regularly and on top of it maybe I'm
just biased because the older I get I
want to believe this but like didn't the
didn't fifty look older when you were
sent did like when my dad was fifty I
was like ah fuck all right yeah 50 it
dudes look different now it's health you
know it's it's diet diets a big factor
getting enough nutrients not smoking
cigarettes that's a huge fuckin weed and
said that's true cigarettes down we'd
probably does a lot for you you know it
relax for sure we'd said my life it for
sure reduces inflammation you know and
CBD I am a giant proponent of CBD I take
CBD every day I hate I don't want this
to sound like a commercial but that
sativa is pumped up with 30 percent CBDs
he checks out the CBD so when you smoke
it you're not only your healing
something as usually but it's a nice
crisp eye that sounds like commercial
but it's good yeah I just I take it in
drop form I drank this stuff kill cliff
which is a drink that US CBD in it I
just think it's it's a miracle
anti-inflammatory
elixir from nature just so I'm a huge
believer in it it alleviates anxiety
it's good for so many people with
arthritis and so many issues my friend
Dave Foley his his hands were all fucked
up man yet real bad arthritis and now
they're they move freely and easily News
really yes yeah News Radio Dave Foley
has full use of his hands because of CBD
because of the CBD yeah he deserves full
use of his hands that did the genius
does he is you saw him work yeah yes I
got something I usually say to
like dig holes in genius and you got to
back it up but I could just say to you
and your oh I told you he was the guy
seriously opening a fucking beer of the
knife look how butch you are oh my god
that's so Rambo bro it's for people to
think I'm cheating it's a Heineken zero
alcohol and is that so sober October
included I guess it's it's not just weed
sober everything it's not sex sober no
no that's not so they don't stray arrows
wow that's the and not for charity not
for
qinger country just fucking well we
started off what happened was it started
off four years ago with a weight-loss
challenge to my friend Tom Segura and my
friend Bert Kreischer and I kind of
hosted the weight loss challenge they
they had a deceased was the most that's
Bert who consumes the most over the
course of a month and the winner I sent
him to a basketball game and re-center
to what it re said them to some other
national champions yeah they went to
some you know they had a good time right
so that was one year then the next year
we all decided to join in and that
during the whole weight loss challenge
Bert kept drinking we're very concerned
about births health and so we're like
man Bert's gonna fucking die if we don't
get this motherfucker to stop drinking
do you think he could stop drinking and
I said all right how about we all do it
we'll all go sober for the whole well I
didn't even know that sober October is
like a thing people have been doing it
for years long before us you realize we
just invented a rhyme and they're like
man it was just pure coincidence that we
started with the first weight loss thing
was October as well right what does it
think it started close to the end of the
Thanksgiving time period or something
like that
what's the way it was in like January I
believe was it yeah okay well for
whatever reason we decided to do it
during October
by dumb luck there was a thing already
called sober October we we literally
didn't even know when we started doing
it so we did it and we had we
incorporated a challenge we had to do 15
hot yoga classes and everybody didn't
believe that everyone was so broke our
he said he was gonna drug test me I
think it happened too because Ari was
gone and we had to do that
another podcast to talk about the Welsh
of the bet and that was probably like in
September and then it was like oh walk
toe burs next month so Brock Tolbert and
gazzarri was gonna look for like four
months in Asia so so we had sobriety for
a month plus 15 90-minute hot yoga
classes over the month so you had to do
it basically yoga class every other day
right which was great so we did that and
then last year we said okay we'll do it
again but this year we're gonna do a
fitness challenge that got really crazy
so that year it was a competition
and that year we were working out five
six seven hours a day I set off the fire
alarm in my gym for my sweat literally
from steam coming off my body set off
the fire alarm is that possible it's
possible okay video this is seriously
yes yes so you got your body heated up
so much at the fire line my gym is my
home gym was essentially a little
smaller than this room and it has you
know elliptical machine in the cage and
squat rack and all that jazz and I set
off the fucking fire alarm from steam
because I did five six hours on the
elliptical machine I watched this there
was that oh yeah that's it
you keep last bag listen tear oh my God
look at it look at the fog oh there's
the alone
that puddle on the ground that's all my
sweat
hey kiddin nope so we decided no all
that do this well because I'm gonna win
and you're gonna lose of course I want
go crazy we were going crazy and then we
all had to sit down this year and say we
can't do this again
cuz this year we only had to do 10
classes so with whether it's yoga or
Tom's doing boxing and it took some we
took some tactical gun courses and Tom's
also done some weightlifting or he's
done some meditation class as well it's
all just bettering yourself and you have
to read 500 pages of books you know
whatever whatever book 500 pages so
that's the challenge this month all year
all of that is is it's just not on my
med exhausting yeah my god like October
should be a fun month we're heading in
the Halloween and stuff like that right
for Samhain shit like that and it just
seems like a lot of what is this would
you say Samhain Santa the metal name in
the minimum but Samhain Samhain remember
like Samhain is the it's the end of
summer the festival of Samhain I know it
is I never heard they talk about on
Halloween pull up the clip the movie
Halloween from John Carpenter's
Halloween
Donald Pleasence tells a story about
Samhain that was the other Halloween
really and there's a metal band called
Samhain ha ha ha but the notion of like
getting all you know dry and shit is
just I mean I get it he's not interested
do you drink no hmm and I never really
did I I was never had a taste for it I
was obviously a sugar guy like that was
definitely my yeah my advice well baby
you probably lost more than a hundred
pounds since way back how much have you
lost
Aalto tens from well my highest weight I
ever was like at one point I was like I
weigh my area code know it was 323 holy
shit dude well I'm not done because I
was like well let's round this
motherfucker out and I went up to 330
really yeah which is nobody's area code
that I know of so that was my highest
then I saw what was it was it fed up the
sugar documentary mm-hmm and took off
like a bunch of way cuz I stopped doing
sugar then you know my weight yo-yoed
for a bit then - it's coming in February
to be two years that I had the heart
attack I was shooting the Showtime
special in between shows I had the heart
attack
so then I started losing weight first
time went on Penn Jillette's suggested
diet with Ray Crowe nice just sides and
it was like all potatoes just eat
potatoes for like two weeks and I was
like this'll be easy I love potatoes and
after two fucking days you learn you
hate potatoes like you love milk and
salt and butter and shit that goes into
mashed potatoes but just eating a baked
potato like eat and you could have as
many as you want they're like oh my god
eat as many as you fucking want and like
that's where I learned fasting because
when your choice is like a fucking
potato or nothing you're like you know
what I'd rather eat fucking air then eat
a potato and stuff and then you realize
oh I'm okay like I didn't die and my
body will start feeding off some stored
fat so at that point when I had the
heart attack my kid was like please go
vegan there's a nutritionist was in the
room the morning after I had the heart
attacks kids slept there all night just
staring at me to make sure I didn't like
fucking have a second heart attack and
really that wasn't the big danger the
big danger apparently was in order to
get to my heart that punctured my groin
that's how they get to your heart that's
the easiest fastest route and stuff and
so the whole night till yeah yeah well I
mean they could either crack your chest
but they don't like to do that anymore
right so it's not it's not as invasive
to go through your femoral and so you go
through the groin some people go through
the wrist as well I've met a cat it was
like they went through my wrist I was
like why did they go through my groin
he's like probably wanted to see your
dick so I sat there i after the morning
after the kid was there and the
nutritionist was like you should you
know if you thought have you thought
about plant-based that'll cut your
cholesterol down or at least losing some
meat and the kid was like yeah go vegan
one of us and and you know she was
definitely looking out for me but at the
same time
she knew that like I'd be a big get for
the vegan community community like oh I
flipped this fuckin motherfucker there's
some a meat-eating I used to drink two
gallons of milk a day if I could flip
him that's good good so I tried it and I
was like ah I'll give it a shot I lived
the way I wanted to for many many years
and obviously that led me to almost
dying so how about I try what you're
talking about you know for a few months
six months and that was a year and a
half over a year and a half ago so being
vegan and also intermittent fasting
meaning essentially I don't do breakfast
like yourself has dropped me down
another 70 so I'm 198 right now which is
like my high school weight Wow yeah
that's kind of nuts more than a hundred
over that the entire time we've known
each other yeah I've lost a human being
I've delivered a child and it went
somewhere it's yeah that's used to carry
it like a nympho twin and shit yeah lean
more a young you know or lean man I mean
how much enjoy yeah well half for you
that's it that's an awesome
accomplishment man it was it wasn't I
didn't try like you know again Weight
Watchers are now they're called WW they
were absolutely helpful but it was never
about like I want to look better it was
just my options were get healthier
fucking live no man had two heart
attacks first one was a warning second
one took him out and you know as much as
I could change my lifestyle and I did
like I still got my mom and my dad's
like hearts and my egg that defective
yeah I hike every day up Runyon except
since we've been on the tour that's been
a little more only hike difficult yeah
all the way up and stuff I haven't
gotten into weights or anything a good
thing about strength training is yes
time strength training is it's
particularly important as you get older
it maintains bone density maintains your
muscle mass and there's a lot of
correlations between people who exercise
and maintain muscle and heart health and
just just overall vitality of your body
a stronger body is more durable you know
and you know it's not hard to feed
or somebody just hire a trainer that's
true I think when I'm done with the tour
like we're done in February yeah just
hire somebody it's time and you know you
can hire some weight has been like that
I never imagined I'd ever do so I never
imagined I'd have muscles like I never
done a pull-up my entire fucking life I
remember in high school hanging on the
bar that look move on Smitty cuz like I
couldn't fucking get there
be nice to do pull up for last world for
sure
especially like what if I'm hanging off
a cliff in this life not not today no
but in this life yeah yes you're right
it's like slow build and I've also got
like access to like hey I'll hire you
yes it's not even like I gotta get my
shit together and do exactly it's go
somewhere it's good to go somewhere
instead of having someone come to you
it's it's a change of environment sort
of it puts you in the mode like okay
we're here to work but I recommend that
to anyone who's getting well I just
anyone period I think strength training
is very very important you've actually
sold me it don't take much I'm pretty
gullible but you've actually sold me in
as much as like I trust you you're smart
and what you just said about bone
density makes a yes and I'm only getting
older and we should only getting more
Halloween yeah weight bearing exercises
carrying weight and you know it doesn't
have to kill you it doesn't have to be
something that's brutal and it breaks
you down so you're exhausted the next
day you really want like a light workout
you really want and a slow build find
someone who understands the state of
fitness so you're out right now but it
gives you a nice slow bill just like
squats with very little weight a few
deadlifts with very little weight just a
little bit of this and a little bit of
that a little bit of push-ups a little
bit of setup how long's it you don't
need to work out that long you can work
out a half an hour at you know three
days a week and you're fucking golden
what make a giant change in your life
sure what those are I like them odds
three days a week
oh yeah so you don't even have to do it
every day no you don't want every 30
minutes is it like a fucking doesn't he
not fighting fantasy no build your body
up to that you got to realize you are a
guy who's never really gotten after it
your whole life so if you just shock
your body into getting after it now it's
probably going to revolt
you don't want that they already tried
that yeah you want with rokkyo you want
just some light weight bearing exercise
you know and build up over a few months
man there's no rush you know you're just
trying to be healthy right you're not
trying to fucking win mr. Olympia just
start slow do like weights with a squat
rack and like fucking 25 pounds on each
side just three or four just three or
four put it down you know what really
irritates me about this is like as you
imitated a guy doing squats you closed
your eyes you went to a place you
literally played a character you acted
in front of me I could do it if I'd if
I'd shot your thing here it might have
it might have made more sense ah
make it so easy do it all the time so
it's me it's like I understand that
sounds horrible though as you closed
your eyes I'm picturing you doing it
that picture what my eyes would be
popping out of my head you'd be fine
because I don't want you to do anything
that makes your eyes pop out of your
head but really though you take time man
time is an investment I don't know if I
have it's a slow changing like water
hitting rocks right when you see look
water carving a pathway through rocks
that shit takes forever it takes forever
and that's the same thing with Fitness
you're not gonna get giant muscles quick
I mean you could be one of those fucking
Psychopaths that decided to completely
change their life and completely
dedicate themselves to fitness and also
and you got Jack do you have all these
muscles but that is going to have to be
a massive commitment and a life-changing
thing and for a guy who's had a heart
attack I don't recommend that at all I
recommend you just slowly start working
out with weights nothing even brutal you
know some you know what a Turkish getup
is no it's a great full button that's
different body exercise you have a
kettlebell in your hand you lie down on
your back on the ground you lift your
arm up you slowly get up to your feet
we're standing up with proper technique
and then you let it down and then you
sit down again you lie back down on your
back again it's a full body workout and
it's not you know it's nothing that's
gonna kill you
it's something that's just gonna give
you a little bit of strain to strengthen
your connective tissues you don't have
to do four or five like that's what I
would say
and that's done for the day no you do a
couple other things do a couple of shit
but I'm not talking about you breaking
your body down for at all right I'm
talking about you slowly adding
resistance training this meathead
mentality that you got to go out and
break your body down I think that's
that's it's a terrible thing to do to
someone who doesn't exercise because
they're gonna be in fucking severe pain
and it's also I don't think it's
productive I don't think it's necessary
I think the way to do it is to lightly
get into it then once you start feeling
it I feel a little bit better it's
easier to open up a jar of pickles
everything's moving better you know and
then you wrap it up you just hold on you
fucking sold me on the pickle open
pickles are hard man to this day I never
I hate pickles but you know it's tough
to open up is like a jar tomato sauce
yes it's hard not many times that
happened to my wife and be like what
does it just mean can you yeah there's
got to be Fitness in my fucking genes
somewhere man because my mom's dad was a
boxer like growing up like a like a guy
and he had a record he was kid Dixie
Schultz growing up like in my
grandmother's house there was a picture
of a guy like Wow in that position with
trunks but old-timey like and I was like
who's that and she's like that's grandpa
and he didn't look like grandpa so I
never associated but apparently he was a
boxer one thing man - not even box
somebody but have somebody hit hold pads
for you and you learned how to punch and
hit pass because it's exciting it's fun
to do it's like interesting Batman you
hit things like Batman that's how you
sell it yeah man hit pads he hits
fucking you know injustice oh my boxer
grandfather I want to see if what if you
agree with this okay so you're that
you've been the man in the ring so to
speak you've been at the epicenter of
attention of the thousand five thousand
bunch of people as a man on stage even
the man in the ring sometimes when
you're doing a UFC event and stuff like
that you know what it's like the the
surge the the energy that comes from
like I'm here and everybody's got I got
their attention and I command the
fucking room it's part of why we do what
we do
my grandfather having been a boxer must
have felt that right like fucking
probably way more than I feel when I
walk up on stage or we're on the reboot
Roadshow to where I'm like well I feel
clever sitting in the back watching the
movie with the audience and hear him
laugh this is a guy who is like I'm the
man in the ring and like it's all up to
me and my fists and I could be a god or
a goat tonight and like and then it
becomes primal and there's pounding and
shit like that you would imagine there's
a if you got in the ring and he pursued
it enough to have a record there must
have been some sort of call some sort of
satisfaction to it all maybe sometimes
people do it for money right maybe look
this guy know been a way to make a
living know this guy I don't know he may
I mean you don't think he did it I think
he was hoping for purses but I don't
think it was just like this or mailman
or them although that's where the story
is kind of going not mailman but this
was a guy who boxed professionally and
the story was that my grandmother like
when they had their first kid Maya
Virginia my grandmother was like you
can't be a boxer anymore and so he was
like all right and then he stopped being
a boxer and then my grandfather became a
custodian in the Newark courthouse and
every day he would like get dressed up
in a suit and take the bus to the Newark
courthouse they lived in in a different
section of Newark and then he'd put on
his custodian outfit and like clean the
toilet sweep the floors and stuff like
that
noble salts of the earth shit so my
whole life I never questioned this you
know your wife says you you quit and you
quit and stuff like that until I became
older and I became something of the man
in the ring myself I know what it's like
to stand you know at attention for
everybody where everybody you were the
focus of thousands where you get a level
of affection from from a of one
vociferous mass that you is unparalleled
from any amount of affection you give
them any other single human being in
this
world it is I've never done heroin but I
imagine it's better than heroin it's one
of the greatest drugs it fuels us and
you know we obviously like it we keep
fucking doing it we make money off it
yes but there's many ways to make money
and we like it and we do it because
there's power to it and it feels
fantastic and you feel like man they
like me they really like me and then I
started thinking why would he have put
that all to the side like how do you
step outside all that just because your
wife is like I don't want you to do that
anymore and then it made me reinsert my
grandparents and I figured out and I
want to see if you back me on this play
you don't know these cats are you gonna
no skin in the game so you can't offend
anybody doesn't that sound like she did
dirty shit that nobody else did yes son
where else but the bed I didn't have
that thought at all no I my thought is
that he recognized that it's very
dangerous and you probably knew people
who died and he probably wanted to find
a way out of it anyway which most
fighters do most fighters at some point
in time they realize I'm gonna have to
jump off this ride one day I can't stay
on this ride until him a dead man till
him 90 years old or 100 years old it's
not feasible it's does it doesn't exist
there's no 98 year old boxers I don't
think he faced his own mortality every
boxer does every fighter does you you
you hit C get hurt well then he's
probably been hurt you see people get
hurt you see people get pummeled you see
people get knocked out maybe been
knocked out yourself and you realize
that this is something that is
unsustainable if he's not making any
money at it it's extremely dangerous and
you start you know you start thinking
what could happen to you you know what
can happen to you it happens to people
you see it happen if it hasn't happened
to you you watch it happen to other
people if you're around combat sports
enough you're gonna see people get
fucked up and when you see people get
fucked up you realize like hey this is
voluntary there's other ways to make a
living I don't have to do this anymore
I can get off this ride or you're the
type of person that doesn't give a fuck
and you want to be a champion and your
your thought is you are here for glory
you are here for a legacy you're here to
leave your mark you want to go down in
history as a great and if you don't
feel that way I tell people to get out I
think fighting is one of the most
singular pursuits a person can get into
yes I don't think you're not only giving
like the I'm dedicating myself to some
yes you're giving your body something
that like you taught your entire life
protect this it's also the the
consequences are so grave the
consequence digging and zagging you you
go the wrong way you run into an e
runway you run into a head kick wrong
way you run into a punch
you know you duck into an uppercut your
fucking lights go out you're laying on
your back they're gonna flash light in
your face and ice on the back your neck
and you you don't even know what day it
is you don't know what and then that you
never get back and you can only get so
many of those your life you know there's
it depends on the person but you get
knocked out three four five times
whatever the number is there's a certain
number that your life is going to be
fucking different now because now your
brain doesn't work good anymore that's a
fact
and maybe it'll get a little bit better
over time maybe you can go through some
cognitive therapy there's some different
things they're doing with magnets and
different things they're doing with stem
cells where they're shooting them
straight into your cerebral spinal fluid
and they think that that might have some
sort of a positive impact on CTE but man
that the reality is combat sports are a
fucking brutal brutal business and so
you think it's possible he just got to a
place where probably smart like ah this
is my perfect excuse to nurse he wasn't
making any money doing it either it
sounds like I gotta tell you he gave me
you gave him his dignity back I honestly
was like he gave it all up because she
give up the ass she's like a dirty
German girl and I was just like I will
let you do the anal you've got to get
out of the ring and she's like I'll give
you one ring for the other and he was
like fuck god damn it gussy he called
her gussy I think cause we love and fan
oh yeah I love kids
he's got a kid right he'd they hadn't
add a few kid man everybody loves their
kids and you want to be around see those
kids grow up and you don't want to be
brain-dead and everybody look I
personally know a lot of people that
have calm
bad sports induced brain damage there's
no doubt about it no if answer yeah
that's why when I see anybody who's like
half in half out I go fucking hard in
the paint
I tell me you gotta get the fuck out of
this now you ought to trust me and you
know and I've done it to the point where
people think I'm mean and I'm like look
I'm not mean about very many things in
this life but when it comes to people
are delusional about their abilities and
combat sports or their future in combat
sports I get fucking mean because I
think you got to know you got to know
with no uncertain terms i I can't be
protective of your feelings I have to go
in hard because no one else is going to
people don't they bullshit you coaches
bullshit you trainers bullshit you they
tell you got a chance promoters we want
to put you on fights when you really
should retire it is a dirty aspect of
the business and I don't I don't play
that shit if I think that someone should
get out I go hard and I tell them and
you know I've done it to friends I've
done it to you know guys that I've done
commentary for they've asked me and they
pulled me aside and I said you got to
get out man you got to get out because
you could talk right now you're okay
right now but how many more shots can
you take how many more times can you get
knocked out 1ko can change your whole
fucking life
Meldrick Taylor got knocked out by Julio
Cesar Chavez and mal detail was Olympic
gold medalist a fantastic boxer was fast
as fuck lightning fast combinations
beautiful skill but Julio Cesar Chavez
just kept wearing on him and wearing on
him and boom he dropped him in the final
round and they stopped the fight with
like seconds to go in the fire Richard
Steele stopped the fight it was a big
controversy like oh my god how could he
stop the fight Meldrick was ahead in the
scorecards and you know there was only a
couple seconds to go and Meldrick
wouldn't want a decision it was a right
call because he was done after that
fight man after that fight he was never
the same you hear him talk today it's
the saddest shit in the world he can
barely put together a sentence and he
had a few fights after that against
Terry Norris who was a brutal knockout
puncher and a couple other guys he just
was never the same again it was at one
fight one fight one beating too much and
it was just it all fell apart on them
and that can happen that can happen to
any fighter and when you're done you're
done and you you you the only way you
should ever compete as a
is if this is your fucking calling this
is the thing you're obsessed with it is
your 100% focus and as soon as it's not
as soon as you have doubts get out
because there's a bunch of people out
there that don't have doubts and I
always try to tell people like think
about Mike Tyson before he won the title
think about the Mike Tyson that
destroyed Marvis Frasier
think about that motherfucker that guy's
all in you don't ever want to face a guy
who's all in when you're half-assing it
a lot of people are half-assed Ihnen
they don't even realize they're
half-assing it they just have this thing
in their head well I'm training pretty
hard I'm doing good I got good skills I
could beat this guy but when someone's
in there in and calm it's combat sports
are uniquely dangerous in terms of the
consequences of you not being committed
so you got to know when to get out and
no one does very few people there's like
a few guys Andre Ward retired undefeated
Olympic gold medalist to division world
champion he's the rarest of the rare
most guys they keep going until they get
fucked up they keep going till they get
knocked out they get brutalized and then
you meet them afterwards and they can
barely talk man they could barely talk
I've seen so many guys they could just
barely string words together
everything's a mumble all the words the
slur into the next word it's a horrible
man and I saw it in the gym I saw in the
gym with guys who never made it they
still got brain damaged no the the
fucking the gods of combat sports they
don't give a fuck if you win a title
have you eaten shots you take punches to
the head kicks to the head you're
getting fucked up man no matter what
seems like wow how come they didn't talk
about that for years and years they
didn't know they did know that people
get punched drunk but they didn't know
what was causing it it's not even
knockouts it's it's sub-concussive
trauma that does the vast majority have
a lot in the world of hockey yes
yeah sub-concussive traumas terrible but
knockouts are also horrific and then
from me my discussions with guys like
dr. mark Gordon who's an expert in
traumatic brain injuries and he works
with a lot of soldiers and he runs his
TBI foundation to deal with injuries
that soldiers and football players and
fighters face and his descriptions of it
will
the fucking shit out of you I mean it's
like he's like people can get brain
damage from fucking jet skiing just all
that bouncing up and down keys are not
even getting a jet ski accident just
like just jet skiing and jet ski
accident successor eight but he's
talking about like people some people
get in accidents it's some sort of a
something happens you would get knocked
out and they are never the same again
this is a real thing you can get a shot
to the head or a golf ball so many
misses they crack you in the head with a
golf ball right you get hit with a line
drive that kind of shit changes people
forever forever so your grandfather
probably wanted out first all right some
thoughts number one his sober sober
October gives you a different Joe Rogan
yeah oh my god you're so dialed in it's
beautiful
I get you're the Ken Burns of combat
sports I can listen to you spin yarns
tell tales you know what that's unfair
the Ken Burns I call you the Jean
Shepard I don't know who that is but I
hope he's lost you love Jeannie I
remember Christmas story yeah yeah the
guy that narrates Christmas Tom wrote
the books the essays that it's all based
on my other thoughts that is far more
dignity than I ever afforded my
grandfather I appreciate it my mom is
gonna appreciate that and then forth
fuck I lost my point I thought I had
enough of him
it's to me a hits home because I needed
to know when I needed to retire to when
I stopped fighting I knew it was like
I'm not doing this the way I used to do
this you know I used to be completely
obsessed but I saw a bunch of people get
knocked out I knocked a bunch of people
out I knew that that easily could have
been here like to knock somebody else
it's weird it's a bittersweet feeling
like you don't feel good you know it
feels if you were in a true combat
position it would feel good
well fighting for your life you mean
yeah in competition I mean it was all
people my age you know I was 19 20 years
old and I'm standing over this
unconscious version of me you know that
I just kicked in the
head and that's how the person yeah the
amount of force you can generate with a
kick it's just so terrifying it's so
terrifying
you know the think that that's gonna
bounce off your head and the lights go
out and then you could incur legitimate
permanent brain damage from something
like that in the initial kick or in the
hit the drywall the canvas both this the
kick someone kicks you in the head
someone who really knows how to kick
they bounce a fucking shin off your
temple you might not ever be the same
again
that's real been knocked out I've never
been knocked out I've been stopped
which means I got TKO I got dropped with
a punch and then the guy followed up
with a bunch of punches and the referee
stopped the fight that was the last
fight I ever had there's a lot of slow
down yeah I got I was in a kickboxing
fight ok so there's three fights in a
day I won the first two won the first
one by knockout I beat the fuck out of
the second guy and I was pretty sick
actually going into the fight going into
the the turn I would get sick sometimes
because I'll be nervous and shit I
wasn't my nutrition was terrible and
then the third fight I got hit with a
left hook I got I won the first round
and in the second round I got hit with a
left hook and my legs just went blank
they just stopped working I remember
going to fight the fuck shit I've never
been dropped like that before
where my legs just he was a perfect left
hook he just caught me crunk riding a
chance so what if he catches you on the
chin what is the what's happening that
it's it hit it's like it connects range
what's your brain right and your brain
like it also does something that's like
nerves behind your jaw and when you get
hit hard
it just it's like an electrical charge
goes into your body and everything just
shuts off it's weird like it was totally
conscious but my legs just stopped
working and then felt all that happening
while that's happening more punches are
coming no because it was kickboxing
wasn't MMA and MMA the guy would jump on
you and they'd stop it right there
or you'd maybe grab a hold of them and
maybe you would survive maybe you
wouldn't you know there's arguments that
it's safer in MMA because they stop it
quicker
there's also arguments that when it goes
to the ground you could actually survive
better and you could hold on and maybe
that would allow you to take more damage
maybe that's not a safe I'm in the
former camp I think it's safer okay
because I think when fights get stopped
quicker it's safer but so so when you
got adjusted and electricity went there
did you go down yeah I went down my legs
my legs just stopped working like this
like I'm standing up he hit me and I
just go plank yeah he went down yes
under your ass yeah I went down and I
got up before the count of ten referee
dust your gloves off and the kids
swarmed at me again and hit me with a
bunch of more punches and I covered up
in the referee stopped the fight so that
was a TKO which is technical knockout
but I had already known that I was kind
of I was already doing stand-up comedy
at that time as well and I didn't know
that I was half in half out and when I
wait when is this 1989 so this is even
before this before news radio
oh yeah way before yeah this was
standard or be funny no well I knew I
knew somewhere around the time I was 19
that this was not there was no future in
this and I was trying to make the
Olympic team which was the Nationals
were in Miami in 1988 and wait were you
from Boston that's where I was out of so
I was a Massachusetts state champion and
then I would go to these national
tournaments and compete against like the
show you know the Illinois Champion or
the New Hampshire champion and I got
asked a question on behalf of somebody
else hold on yeah you got a question
stored yeah yeah because I was talking
to you no no no Humber's okay your
grandmother yes named Josie yes Gerard
Way yes lead singer of My Chemical
Romance yes
yeah we're related that's who he said I
was like I'm going to Joe Rogan he goes
I don't have a hundred percent
confirmation on this but I'm pretty sure
Joe Rogan is my cousin yeah my aunt
Josie was his grandmother yeah I don't
know him but we're cousins how crazy
that two people in the same family
became super fucking famous and don't
even yeah we don't know each other
that's not you gotta have money's
fascinating he's good yeah yeah
and plus like you're related yeah well
anyway back to the story so you know I
just I didn't know what I was gonna do
for a living and then there's a about a
few things happened you know if you
watching a friend of mine get knocked
out really bad there was a guy named
Jersey long who was this badass Canadian
guy who knocked my friend Larry out he
hit him in the head with an axe kick and
just changed Larry was never the same
again he was always like real tentative
and nervous who destroyed his confidence
and you know he also what we did we
weren't making any money so the you know
these are all amateur fights right so
there was this thing like what am i
doing like why am i why is this my whole
life
why were you doing it well it changed
who I was you know from the time I was
15 to the time I was 21 almost 22 when I
started fighting when I started doing
competitions it gave me a focus and it
gave me something where I didn't feel
like I was a loser right like for the
first time in my life it was something
that I didn't realized that if I focused
on this thing and I dedicated to myself
to this thing I could be successful and
that changed and hillie the opposite of
a loser but yes winner in most cases
where I wasn't before that I was I was a
loser I've just didn't it didn't have
anything going so it it's cool it was
your football like for some people in
high school it's like a fan football I
found somewhere it was your Jesus some
people like yeah yes yes I think that's
what people need them they need us
something whether it's chess or Jesus or
filmmaking whatever the fuck it is right
you'll find a thing and you focus it and
you see some success and you're like oh
my god let's go do something I can do
something I could be somebody I can I
can I can do something that's fulfilling
and rewarding and I know that I'm not a
loser because a lot of it is like
confidence right a lot of it is if you
look at your life and you look at things
that other people are doing you go god I
can't do that he's doing that these
people could do that they're different
than me I don't have confidence it takes
doing something and having some success
at it that gives you confidence to do
other things and Marshall is so
terrifying to me it was so scared of it
that it became by overcoming that and
becoming successful at it it gave me
this understanding that you can do you
can basically do
you know within reason whatever you want
if you just focus on it and you're not
gonna do it it's not gonna be immediate
you're not gonna be successful
immediately and you're gonna fail but
through those failures you learn and you
go back and you get some experience and
you do it better next time and that is
earlier is just success training yeah
and it's like this fucking tattoo this
is Miyamoto Musashi from the book of
five rings and in that book he said
something I read it when I was like 17
years old once you understand the way
broadly you will see it in everything
and that that is that is if anything
that is one of the main focuses of my
life that I think that more time so once
you understand the way broadly you can
see it in everything that describes you
your seeker my favorite proverb is may
you realize your own divinity in this
lifetime mmm I saw it on a yoga
wall-hanging that my wife put on my
house once and it was just it wasn't
really the message she intended she just
liked I think the image of Buddha and
one day I was letting the dogs out and I
was waiting by the door so you had time
to like really stare at it and I was
probably just stoned enough and then
completely understood it where I was
like oh yeah you realized your divinity
and this life to your own divinity
meaning don't wait until you drop dead
to find out you were God all along
handing it off to somebody else and some
higher power higher powers in you ah
fucker became a fighter made him feel
worth something my father became a
filmmaker made him feel worth something
mag manifested he's absolutely right
it's that you can kind of do anything
you can't can't fly without a jetpack
right Ron James one on one yes and Mike
Tyson back yeah there's things you can't
do physically but there's a lot of
things you can do a lot of things you
can get better at and especially
artistic pursuits because the thing
about artistic pursuits is you kind of
everybody finds their own way and so the
shift to me from doing something that
was competition especially competition
with grave physical consequences yeah do
you go from that to doing stand-up
when I first started doing stand-up I
realize about okay this could be it like
the the fucking fighting thing this like
it's a dead end there's no money in this
before the UFC there was no money in
kickboxing I remember I'd gotten offered
a kickboxing fight a professional fight
for 500 bucks and I was like what is
that $500 it means I have to train for
six weeks
no alcohol eat eat good run do all these
different things training so far and
then 500 bucks at the end of it then
maybe brain damn it's like when you see
what porn stars get paid for anal and
you're like what like you would imagine
like don't they pay a million dollars to
do that and they're like oh no you know
five hundred someone fit to fifteen
hundred sounds about right it's not a
whale
do you realize then that you went from
like you just 1/8 eat it you want from
pain to pleasure your business was pain
well then your business became pleasure
make my first Commission of huggers
laughs no yeah your job as a fighter is
to hurt the other person give pleasure
to the people that watch yeah but the
fights gonna happen with or without the
audience correct whereas in comedy yeah
don't happen with or without you
yes but there's always the eyes the only
time there wasn't an audience we did
have fights where people from other gyms
or other dojos would come oh dojang
because it was Korean they would come
and we would fight them right and there
was no I mean full-contact fights and
there's no no referees you're butch
you're so butch it's so logics I read
about fucking like you know superheroes
pounding on each other and you've
literally hit people and been hit you
know what it feels like to take a punch
I've never been it in my life
this not also me throwing that out into
the universe for it don't fucking hit me
I hit I will offer to suck your dick
before the punch system all desperate to
make you it might be worse than hitting
you yeah no kidding I get bad blowjobs
but I've never been hit you all those
stories I read about like green arrow
punches more all the stories I've
written we're fuckin daredevil punches
motherfucker
yeah you've actually done the punching
and received the fucking punch yeah
pretty metal a lot of kicks
it's butch dude that's because I my
earliest martial art was talking window
which is mostly kicking based
yeah I did that was the first a lot of
that to the kickboxing was one of the
big turnaround to cuz kickboxing
happened at the end of my Taekwondo
career when I was realizing that
Taekwondo was really limited and it was
also at the beginning of me doing comedy
it was all happening kind of at the same
time right and I just was really really
really really fortunate that I wanted to
do stand-up comedy and I happened to be
in Boston which at the time was one of
the hubs one of the most creative
environments in the history of comedy oh
my god I mean all the people you hang
out with you well there was a lot of
guys that you'll never hear about
because they were genius but they stayed
in Boston but Bill burr was he was a
little bit after me like like a year or
two after me and his Patrice O'Neal
who's also unlike bill burrs group and
Nick DiPaolo
and there was fucking goddamn is so many
guys that came out of that area
do you just go on and on and on about
the the local headliners but the
environment Steven Wright came out of
there and it was awesome yeah he's from
from that area and that there was guys
you never heard of that were fucking Oh
Lenny Clark of course but this guy's
like you know Don Gavin and Steve
Sweeney was to this day I think one of
the best some of the best comedians I've
ever seen in my life and they were just
local headliners who were just masters
they just were just just destroyers and
we got a chance to see those guys as
when we were Greg Fitzsimmons who's
another good buddy of mine who came out
of that group we we got to see those
guys when we were amateurs and we got to
see these guys were where they were just
destroying in a way that you didn't even
think was possible and we got a unique
opportunity as amateurs to be in this
incredible environment where there's so
many comedy clubs there was three comedy
clubs on one air in one area on
warranted Street there was one where his
Knicks calmly stopped and there was down
the street there was the comedy
connection and above it there was a
comedy club at the Charles Playhouse and
then across the street it was Duck Soup
so there was for comedy clubs with half
a block I mean it was crazy it was just
it was a boom of comedy then there were
stitches and there was just so many so
many
outside bars and stuff that had stand up
to when did you realize you were funny
ten years blended well enough to be like
I'm gonna try stand up yeah I could get
laugh funny as I finally know I was
funny to my friends in like in the
locker room or like when we were on a
bus like traveling to a tournament
everybody be nervous and I'd be the guy
who made everybody laugh like gallows
humor I'd be doing impressions of each
other like that I I had comedy for
psychos that's how I thought of it and
my friend Steve Graham who I'm very good
friends with to this day he actually
talked me into doing stand-up he was one
of the ones like you should be a
comedian and I'm like look I'm making
you guys laugh because you're fucking
crazy
I'm liking other people are gonna think
I'm an asshole like this is not like
things that people think are funny they
never occurred to you thought you were
like livingroom funny yeah I thought was
funny because I know these guys mean it
was mean funny cuz you know comp
fighting is a mean sport right you know
it's mean you have to be mean if you
want to be successful you know and
there's so some of my comedy was mean
and then I didn't know about amateurs I
didn't understand and then I went to an
open mic night one of the things about
going to an open mic night is you get to
see the professionals really the hosts
and occasionally professional drop in
and do a set but you also get to see
these amateurs who are terrible and you
go oh I get it so everybody sucks at
first and then you know you could just
go up with the people who suck and you
suck too and it was like okay it was a
huge relief because I thought of
stand-up oh my god it's like Richard
Pryor or Jerry Seinfeld those are bahama
gonna be a legend I can't do that so I'd
like probably I was faking that like I
was kind of 21 I went on to a comedy
stage not you know once when I was
before I even made clerks when I was
probably about 20 Rascals had an open
mic night and West Orange no the one
isn't in Eatontown right before between
the Monmouth mall and the CV Square Mall
Wow
and so I went up and I did like like
five minutes and
the only bit that worked was a bit about
sucking my own dick and I put that in
clerks years later I was like oh I
remember they laughed at that bit I'll
throw it out but I remember trying it
when I never told my friends this would
be 1990 it was before I even saw slacker
and that was when I knew I want to make
Clerk so probably 1990 or 91 pre-august
but it was like it didn't I remember
being like well I tried it but I'll
never do that again and now I literally
make my living being onstage fucking
talking crazy it was nuts and and it's
that's that's why I'm like that's why I
had my head around my grandfather like
how the fuck do you walk away from that
like don't you feel great when you're up
there and you're fucking killing and
stuff like that yeah I know it's like
money of course is always a part of it
it's nice to get what I would consider
overpaid to do the same shit I would
fucking do anyway like I would be trying
to be funny regardless and shit but
don't you get the leg it's definitely
great to kill it's horrific to bomb and
did their counterbalanced where as
amazing as it feels to kill it feels
equally horrific or maybe even more so
to bomb it'll haunt you and then the
thing about doing well is you don't
think about it while it's happening
because while it's happening I'm
thinking about my performance I'm
thinking about making sure that I'm in
the zone it's the landing yes I'm I'm
not thinking everybody loves me I'm
thinking okay this bit it this here's
the peak here's the valley here's where
I bring it up and here's where I hammer
at home and here comes the pause and
then there's the punch and I'm I'm doing
I'm going and I'm also in the moment
where I have to be when I'm doing a bit
if I'm doing a bit on a clock or
something like that I have to be
thinking about a fucking clock I'm not
just saying those words I am thinking
100% about what I'm saying because if I
don't it doesn't work as good there's no
way you can't just say the words it's a
form of hypnosis it's like a mass
hypnosis and these people know those
fucking animals
out there in that crowd they they smell
weakness they smell distraction they
smell when you're disconnected they they
feel you like in the way the avatar
people do you know there's a fucking is
being referenced like a vendor just
there's a thing that's happening that's
undefined because the only people that
really understand it are the people who
are real comics who have been doing it a
long time who know how to kill and
there's this thing that happens when
everything is tight and everything's in
place that is you're a ride and you're a
passenger on the ride you're not you're
not driving it you are in a sense that
you have to do the work and you have to
do the writing and you have to perform
two shows tonight I fucking hammer it
out all the time no yeah where you doing
ice house no Comi store I was at the
Comedy Store Sunday and I did an arena
Saturday night in Cleveland or the two
shows the Fox Theater Friday you gotta
go baby you gotta go go go go go comedy
is like running it's like anything else
you got to be in shape yes enjoy it you
don't know where you're like but it's
not that because you don't can't think
about that because if you think about
that it's time that takes away from the
actual thing the actual thing deserves a
hundred percent of your attention and
the acts I'm not saying you feel that in
the moment but when do you fucking feel
it like when you like good night and
everybody explains even then I let it go
I just go get it cut me out here then I
start thinking oh she was eight cuz
that's how I go that's how that's what
makes me go that what makes me go is the
thing I can't I'm concentrating on the
thing like why do I get the thing that
you don't worry alright so I
concentrated on the thing but like then
I fucking celebrate that like holy shit
I stuck the landing
I do that with my friends right after
the show like we we have a great show
like me and Santino Saturday night we
have this fucking wild show there's
arena in Cleveland it was awesome after
it was over we high-five we get
something to eat and that's it then then
you let it go you got to let it go
because that my thinking is I'm not
you're talking on the road every night
and it's like even though like it's a
different show every night and it's
different wonderful audience like I'm
still thinking about the
two shows we had the music box in the
Chicago Theatre like how my god it was
religious of all the screenings I've
ever had in my life like those two will
stick out thing is different too because
you're playing a movie that you did
you're putting out a piece and you get
to sit down and watch people enjoy the
piece and you get to get this like big
rush like I love the menus a fuckin yeah
but the cute thing the Q&A is also
organic you know yourself definitely
being yourself but it's organic as you
want it to be yeah like basically
somebody asks you a question you're like
right here's a long answer or maybe had
nothing to do with that question right
but even then it's like that it's not
like you're doing us like a bit you know
like where you have to begin your set
thank you very much cago great to be
here here's the thing about Chicago you
have memorized bits
oh yeah there's bits but they don't I
was always blown away by Carlin like one
day we were rehearsing on Dogma and
George Carlin was can't wait his smoke
break it was the 90s everybody smoked
cigarettes and shit and I was like what
do you what are you working on now
George when you're not doing this and
everybody was in rehearsal Matt been
Linda Salma Chris Rock whole fucking
cast me Jay and George is like oh I'm
working on this bit for the new HBO show
he goes it's called advertising lullaby
and I said what do you mean working on
it and he goes well memorizing it and I
was like you memorize your bits and goes
yeah I write everything I was like you
write your bits
I was just thought you kind of came up
with shit off the top your head it goes
nuts he's like I write everything and
then I have to memorize everything like
a script and then we were like can you
do it and he's like yeah you want to say
it and so he did a command performance
for the eight of us in the room of
advertising lullaby and it was pitch
perfect I saw the HBO show like you know
months later and it was pitch perfect so
I couldn't believe that that dude was as
committed to the written word as he was
but he fancied himself a writer first
and foremost he's got time and want to
do comedy though like he really backed
into it he was he wanted to be Danny
Kaye he wanted to act and stuff like
that and he was just happen to be funny
first he did the radio DJ thing and then
the hippie dippie weatherman Burns and
Allen was prior to that and stuff but he
kind of backed into comedy and was
excellent at it yeah but was not like it
was not like this is what I've always
wanted to do since I was a kid just kind
of he always seemed to accept the fact
that he was like oh I'm this is it I'm a
genius at this all right well he did it
differently he would do I mean he was
probably the most prolific big-name guy
of all time and he he actually inspired
louis c.k to do a new hour every year
because that's what he did
Carlin George did a new hour every year
and part of the reason why 875 nights a
year that's crazy but part of the reason
why is he owed a lot of money did a big
time yeah I don't know how that happened
but in his book last words he talks
about like he bought a jet and sometimes
he bought a jet yeah in the 70s he was
that fucking huge he bought a jet and he
would sit on the runway in Long Island
at a at a fucking LaGuardia yeah and
just do coke and the fucking fire his
book last words is amazing Wow they
published it posthumously but he was
working on it with Tony Hendra before he
died he was so awesome man like I think
about him all the time any time I jump
on stage because we every night after
reboot we get up on stage and work the
crowd and stuff I got a chance to say
hello to him once
what would yeah yeah I met him at the
Comedy Store it's very friendly said hi
to everybody said har the door guys
hey how's it hi to me hey do you know
how I didn't know who the fuck I was had
no idea just said hi I said hey man how
you doing that's it that was our thing I
have a I mean I worked with him a few
times in the movies and stuff he one of
my favorite fucking memories of George
Carlin is we go see him do a show me and
Chris Rock it was me and my wife Jen and
Chris was married to his wife malach at
that point and George is playing at
Caesars in Atlantic City and so he's
like I got seats for you guys up front
and stuff so you know Rock was like it
had his roll with the new he was like
fucking at the height of his game and
shit and so we go see the show and
Karlin had a bit where he it was like
people I could do without like guys
named skip shit like that mm-hmm
and one of them was people I could do
without any man over the age of 12 who
wears their baseball
cap backwards so you know long before I
met him I'd always hear that good at
that bit be like so the night we're at
the show
he's up there doing it bit and and you
know he's like another person I could do
without Kevin you're exempt from this
guy's over the age of 12 who wear their
baseball cap backwards and rock like my
eyes lit up and rocks next to me and
rock goes he knows who you are even
though like we'd work together on the
movie it was so needy exempt though for
the for the show there's that kind of
school nice he was a he I think we got
along because he he wanted to act and I
was always like come act come play and
like he liked and just Jane Silent Bob
strike back he plays a hitchhiker that
like blows people for rides right and
the day he was such a committed actor
the day we shot we had him for a few
hours and then he had to rush off to go
be on a stage and be Carlton so he made
a little win a window of time for us and
he came to me on set and he goes uh
Kevin you're the writer director this I
have a question for you I was like okay
and he goes uh you know this says that
I'm fuckin with these dudes I talked to
him about the rules of the road
am i fuckin with these idiots or do I
believe in the rules of the road and I
was like wow I can't believe you're
given at this much fucking thought
George I said but like I the way I wrote
it I assume the guy believed in the
rules of the road and he goes that's
what I thought I was that's exactly what
I fucking thought he was so like
committed to performance man like he was
an absolute joy to be around and he was
never on he's like you like fucking not
like a man about them doughnuts he
doesn't feel the need to make it laugh I
love Tracy Morgan to death don't get me
wrong but like you gotta save six hours
for facial you know cramp rehabilitation
yes because you're just laughing so hard
you're laughing in your faces and that
rictus grin the entire fucking teen you
ever made John Witherspoon is he the
same way oh my god I did a show with
John Witherspoon and his son JD and my
fucking face hurt after it was over it
was like Chris Morgan like my cheeks
were hurting
George was not that
just sit there and have a conversation
with him like he was just interesting
you know mr. Hackl Dino
miss Pat do you know who she is she's
another one she'll make you fucking face
her really oh my god she's so funny her
stories are so crazy she has you listen
real yeah what were your jams
well I'm Kinison was my boy that's why I
got the long coat first ranch proud yeah
well I was introduced to comedy through
my parents having Cheech and Chong album
ah Tommy Chong is in Jay and Silent Bob
reboot and then Bill Cosby and then when
I was at gave me up Bill Cosby albums
and my mom would always be like you
can't listen George Carlin but you can
listen Bill Cosby because it's not funny
fact how crazy is that
well I mean how crazy is it that he had
a stellar reputation oh my god but you
know when I was on news radio I had
heard that he drugged women did you
really yes yes scout about it MSE yes
yes the the scuttlebutt what and I might
have heard of a candy Alexander who was
always on top of shit she always had her
sort of fucking thumb to the pulse but
um yeah her so I'm going wide-eyed
because these are like rock star name
yeah I had heard I had heard yeah and I
was like what no I can't
drugs women nevermind Kenny Alexander
that's all she's amazing a lover a lady
to death that lady quit news radio
because she wasn't getting a big enough
part I remember yeah she's like you know
what only do is she went off and wound
up being on yeah was it see I saw she
was on a bunch of shit she's been in a
million different things she's amazing
she's a powerful woman I every time I'm
here we talked about it but like it was
such an incredible assembly did you see
the 20/20 that they did I'm Phil Hartman
no they did like couple weeks ago like a
whole hour 20 minutes on Phil Hartman
and stuff I wouldn't watch her all right
when you didn't pop up in it I was like
that's very Joe Rogan to nothing
I can't know I don't even know if they
asked I don't remember the other thing I
wanted to ask you was the the fucking
moving fast moving lights that the air
force was like Oh your video on Oh what
were your thoughts well did you hear
when I saw the video gasps what
commander David flavor that I had no
okay that's who you got a you got a
watch that podcast cuz he's the guy that
was there he was in the plane yes he was
the commander he was the guy who was in
the fucking plane who is saying he said
whatever it was it went from 60,000 feet
to 50 feet in a matter of seconds you
see me lighting up a like a child
because this is the shit remember in
search of when we were kids yeah Leonard
Nimoy yes where they made you fucking
believe when we were children we
believed in Sasquatch we believed in
Loch Ness monster we believe in aliens
and those the difference between this is
what is this this whatever this object
was believe it or don't believe it think
that's something is off about it it was
actively blocking and jamming radar and
it moved at a preposterous speed it went
I don't remember how many miles he said
like 30 miles inside of a second some
insane amount of speed it traveled they
were trying to track this thing they
couldn't I mean it was it was moving
emissions did no emissions no emissions
no method of propulsion that made any
drone technology they don't know what
the fuck it was but they had seen
several of them and the people around
that area in San Diego off the coast of
Mexico the air force people had seen
several of them fuck this is yeah this
is good I remember seeing this in the
day this was in the news and I was like
what is this not like the front page
fucking news story New York Times wrote
a big piece they did but you need to
watch the podcast with commander David
flavor that's the one David flavor was
the guy who was in the vehicle he saw it
with his own eyes he observed it with
with the the tracking equipment in the
plane and he looked at it with his own
eyes was it looked like a tic-tac that
guy is not full of shit and he is a
high-level military guy doesn't have a
long history this he's not seeking
tension was very difficult to get him to
do this in the first place Jeremy Korbel
who made that document bob lazar in area
flying saucers that that was a humbling
experience listen to him talk about it
because you could tell he's not full of
shit he was telling you about a real
experience he had that is impossible to
describe and the fact that this thing
was actively jamming radar people could
say it's a this or it's a that or it's
an anomaly a blitz what do this early
jamming skeptics want to thank that oh
they moved it to 2x zoom and that's why
it looks like it took off quick no they
couldn't track it they couldn't stay on
it it was moving too fast Assessors
didn't make any sense off it took off at
a preposterous rate of speed and here
more importantly it was actively jamming
radar it was using equipment to jam
their rate on purpose yes so not just
like it couldn't be like perhaps no no
no whatever whatever was created is
whatever its energy signature was
created blowing something to you to jam
the radar it knew that they were trying
to try and want to be found exactly was
like fuck off what do you think with
your nonsense I think it's from another
planet that's what I think that's what I
keep talking boy it's either from
another dimension or it's from another
plan wait what more likely that it's
from another planet and I think would
move on what do you mean in the other
dimension well we don't have any idea I
mean how many dimensions are there we
know what we can see and feel here's the
thing well you see an ant right ants
move it around the ground and you hold a
cell phone over that ant does it have
any idea what the fuck that is no it
doesn't this is what I make a trip out
here it doesn't because it's it's
outside of its realm of understanding
and it's entirely possible that if
something lives a million years longer
than human beings have existed and it
continues to innovate and continue to
create new technology they can make
technology that is indistinguishable
from sorcery if you think about the way
bob lazar explained it when he was
working at area 51 it's like if you took
a nuclear reactor of today and showed it
to some people from the Victorian era
they would think that it was magic and
this is exactly how we were approaching
these recovered crafts because they were
trying to back engineer according to Bob
Lazar whether you believe him or not
they were trying to back engineer these
crafts and they were saying that these
crafts were operating on something
called element 115 which we didn't even
know was a real thing I mean they had
speculated that it existed but he was
talking about this in the late 80s and
the 90s well they didn't even absolutely
prove that element 113 or 115 was real
until I think it was 2013 so he's
talking about something that the Air
Force or the Navy or whoever the fuck
was operating area 51 and era and an s4
where he was that they had this
knowledge and understanding of this
element that they had somehow or another
made stable that could bend gravity it
could change gravity so instead of being
a propulsion system where you have a
fire that comes out of the back of a
thing and it forces a thing forward this
thing just pushed gravity in front of it
and it shot through insane amounts of
space and time it with incredible speed
that didn't even make any sense and they
didn't understand how they made it they
couldn't back engine so pushing gravity
would that's you have to listen to him
describe it I was looking at a lighting
that would that would push it up then it
also give us gives us propulsion as well
I'm butchering it for sure but the way
he was describing it there was something
about this element 115 that you utilized
it wouldn't when it was inside of the
spaceship it utilized gravity and some
sort of an understand why that they
still have not figured out and he saw an
actually yeah he saw it in action he saw
it in action and he was a propulsion
expert from was the lab los alamos and
you know he had worked on propulsion
systems during his own free time and he
had worked on some nuclear projects at
Los Alamos it was in the middle of
concocting some top-secret military shit
and he's clearly a brilliant guy you
know but so many people try to discredit
them and maybe they're right and maybe I
don't know I believe a lot of what he's
saying if there are aliens do you want
to be here when they make contact well I
think they're making contact whether we
like it or not that's what I think we're
I think they're looking and watching
whether we like it or not they're
observing
I think if you were an intelligent being
from another planet you would want to
make sure that the territorial monkeys
don't blow each other up and that's what
we are we're like this adolescent stage
of evolution where we still have all of
our primal territorial jungle instincts
but yet we also have this insane ability
to harness the atom we also have this
ability to send videos through space and
we can catch them on your phone and play
it back and forth we hardly hold energy
in these little rectangular devices that
we hold in our pocket Lee charge them
and you charge in them with fucking
nuclear power that's you know nuclear
power plants are charging our phones and
then the phones go into our pockets and
then we're like real close you know
we're real close to a lot of this crazy
technological innovation and it keeps
getting more and more spectacular with
every passing generation and they're
probably watching they're probably
watching and waiting and trying to
figure out what the fuck we're doing and
if you believe what they told Bob Lazar
that they were responsible for an
accelerated evolution wait wait wait
wait it's come on too much information
one of the things they were saying whose
day when he was working for does he work
for the Air Force was it the Air Force
that Lazar was working for whatever
whatever the government body that was
operating area s4 they gave him a bunch
of breakdowns on a lot of things they do
and what where they think they got these
crafts from and where the crafts are one
of them was from an archaeological dig
he said but they gave him an explanation
of what these aliens are here for and
what they're doing and one of the things
that they said and he said I have no
method of verifying whether or not
that's true or not but that they had
accelerated the evolution of primitive
primates so they had taken primitive
primates and they had done something to
them to change them from a primitive
being to what we have now in Homo
sapiens and that's it very quickly if
you really look at evolution the
difference between Australia Pittacus
and homo sapien it's only a few hundred
thousand years which is insane if you if
you think of how much more advanced we
are than those lower hominids and
there's no other animal
that's experience that kind of a leap
the human brain doubled in brain size
over a period of two million years we
have no idea how we have no idea what
happened is all speculation whether it's
eating meat controlling fire using tools
hunting increased access to protein
changing from herbivores to omnivores to
carnivores all these different theories
the throwing arm that's another theory
that humans figured out a way to use an
arm to throw and hit things and that
accelerated our problem-solving skills
there's a lot of theories we don't know
but Terence Mckenna had a theory called
the stoned ape theory he believed that
human beings were experimenting with
psilocybin mushrooms and it's psilocybin
mushrooms accelerated our evolution who
knows we don't know but one of the
things that they were telling was our
when he was working at s4
back-engineering this these crafts were
that human beings were the product of
accelerated evolution and that these
space beings and that there was more
than one there was more than one
civilization that was involved in this
these space beings had had some sort of
a hand in this running experiment that
is the evolution of man so then who the
fuck no totally
so how everyone's like we might be in a
simulation we're not but at the same
time we could be somebody simulation we
could be a simulation too I mean Elon
believes we're in a simulation yeah and
you know I had a philosopher on that was
trying to explain to me the likelihood
of a simulation and and his was his name
again
I say Nick Bostrom his perception was
that if you look at the laws of
probability it's more likely that we are
in a simulation than we're not and that
was really hard for my stupid brain to
accept that if you look at the amount of
planets that there are if you look at
the Fermi paradox like where are these
planets if you look at the just the the
insane number of stars just in our
galaxy alone and then the insane number
of galaxies in the universe what are the
odds that a life-form hasn't gotten to
the point where it can create a
simulation that's indistinguishable from
reality
well the lot the odds are very small so
if the odds are more likely that
something has created a simulation
that's indiscernible from reality the
odds are very likely that we're in it
right now
if we're in a simulation like we're in a
pretty good version of it you and I are
kicking ass yeah we're doing great in
the video game exactly well as well
thumbs up like not bad like considering
it like in the simulation we were
allowed to climb from a place to another
place yeah we were making progress we're
having fun I mean we're not just playing
fucking pitfall no actually we're Sims
but I think about what you were saying
about loving being on stage and that
great feeling of having all these people
that have been entertained by your art
you know and and going to be able to sit
there and watch well what you create
being able to sit there and watch your
movie and you be able to sit there watch
all these people laugh at your work
that's crazy that's a crazy great thing
and so much better than your grandfather
who was a janitor you know think about
that that that is so much less rewarding
your life is infinitely more rewarding
and more with the simulation as well I'm
sure maybe that's the marina simulation
is it just like that give them some
backstory so I didn't really have a
grandfather it's all speculation
who knows well who knows how it changes
every day I mean when you wake up you
assume that these fucking weird cloudy
memories of the past were all realistic
you know we don't know we don't even
know if you ever have really gone to
sleep
we just know you have this memory of
every night going to sleep we don't
really know what do you mean was why
you're awake right now how the fuck do
you know that what you've experienced in
your past all of it wasn't just
simulated like and if it is simulated
wouldn't sleep be simulated as well
wouldn't all of it be simulated if you
are just in this state this state of
perpetual simulation where everything is
existing all at once but your mind puts
it in this context of the day-to-day
grind get up in the morning I got a
hustle I got to go out there and go out
get after it maybe it's all nonsense
maybe you're all in this eternal neuro
neurological concoction some thing
that's forcing your brain to interact
with these ideas and memories as if
they're real it's unfair that I'm the
only one stoned because this is hot it's
this toter talk this is good fuckin song
for so many years I'm probably
permanently stoned so I'm even in sober
October
yeah something probably take me months
to completely dry out if I took a test
I'd probably you didn't answer my
question do you want to be here if the
aliens yes for sure
really yeah what if they're hostile hmm
we are hostile so you think we could
take him no no I mean take over the
earth no fucking vaporize those chimps
down and so wait would we gun down the
alien invader I think so they'd probably
be able to control us and be our minds
yeah because you're probably impossible
to even it was like isolate it could
probably just take off and be gone like
he pointed a gun at them they probably
just disappear and be on the other side
of the earth in a matter of seconds I
mean we're talking about technology
that's indistinguishable from magic
right right how do you sound like Thor
man that's what they said and Thor did
that yeah I like Thor and they were like
you know science and magic was the
difference well it is well that is
something that's really sad too I'm not
saying anything unique that's one of the
things they've said about a certain
level of technology like when you
achieve a certain level of techno it's a
it's a famous quote is about certain
level but it has nothing to do with Thor
it's something to do with a certain
level of Technology bar distinguishable
from man yeah yeah yeah someone like
that but that if you hit a certain level
of technology that's beyond your
comprehension
right I mean look man if you could just
go to the eighteen hundreds of an iPhone
you'd be a fucking sorcerer right true
here's what's the Arthur Sze clock there
we go
any sufficiently advanced technology is
indistinguishable from magic
Clark's first law there is about 2001
yes
is that it he brought that right didn't
you right well Kubrick made the movie
made the movie by thank God he write it
Clark wrote it but then again I was like
Asimov yep 2001 Spaceballs I got what a
great fucking movie that was the screen
pick what do you think happens then all
right so if we're in a simulation and we
die then we just ceased to exist as a
program if we're not in a simulation if
we're organic little meat puppets and
stuff what it what's your take on the
afterlife doesn't just end I think do
you have any accusation about that any
speculation is just that it's a
speculation you could just jerk yourself
off all day that's kind of you know
Richard Dawkins I had him in here last
week and he was like I think the lights
go out and that's it do you think the
lights go out he's almost like
challenging him like I don't know did
you know either
it's not romantic enough you know what
I'm saying but at the same time it might
just be me being arrogant going like no
no I can't just the lights can't just go
I know what not work no one knows you
have not experienced it so even his
reductionist view of it as pure
speculation and he just decided to make
it simple and logical I got close when I
had my heart attack I was the doctor
said you got a ATP I having a Widowmaker
he goes that means in 80% of the cases
of 100% occlusion the patient always
dies he's like but you're gonna be the
20% cuz I'm good at my job and that's
when he disappeared in my crotch punched
a hole made it made magic so Wow
dr. Marc late and I'm you can't have our
attack find this guy I went to get a
physical for Jay and Silent Bob reboot
before you can make a movie if you're
the director they they make you inferior
actors to they make you get a physical
make sure you're not gonna die char in
production so I saw this doctor dr.
Paula who like I've seen for years
whenever I make a movie she's the movie
physical doctor and when I came in she's
like oh my god you know how lucky you
are and I was like I know everyone's
been telling me I'm lucky and she's like
no no let me tell you a story she's like
me to other heart surgeons working on a
heart patient in a hospital in the
emergency room suddenly heart attack and
I was a guy had another heart attack she
goes note the other doctor
drops to the floor has a massive heart
attack Widowmaker like yours and I was
like well I guess if you're gonna have a
heart attack everyone in the hospital
surrounded by doctors bands he couldn't
save him
that's she goes my I said you say where
she goes that's the point we couldn't
save him holy shit he's gone we were had
all the equipment we had all the
expertise and you know all of us were
trained but like with the Widowmaker
it's not like if I'm good at my job I
can save this motherfucker it's not even
5050 there's just like there's no logic
to it it'll just go she was so bad I
can't continue this conversation talk to
Jamie for one minute I'm done part of
part of the pride in in doing Rogen's
show like is not having to pee I almost
had to earlier but did you really you're
holding it for me yeah I while I got a
chance the weed ladies and gentlemen
which cameras mine I can share that with
you fuck you know in sober October
you're not doing you're not taking part
definitely now you're gonna smoke some
of this Sun it's called snow gonzalvez
er ker this is the hybrid ooh sativas
insist it's the Teva oh my god you're
gonna love it now it's gonna fucking
give you the wake up and there's a
little comic strip it's inside each one
like a bazooka Joe awesome that came
from man mica caviar this is definitely
good find it or barium you can find in a
bunch of weed legal states students to G
blue cheese and bruiser Kerr also more
importantly Jay and Silent Bob reboot
I'm gonna use this opportunity while
he's taking a piss cuz I just get lost
I'll let him roam and I'm supposed to be
selling shit but I'm like tell me about
the aliens Joe this is why I come here
to be entertained one on one
um but Jay and Silent Bob reboot man is
if you want to go see me in the movie
with me and Jay we're travelling for the
next 55 weeks 55 dates sorry not weeks
with the movie up until February you
watch it with us we do Q&A it's a good
time man
reboot Roadshow calm that's the address
for tickets and stuff it's also opening
in all the areas that we went so we went
to Jersey Chicago Detroit Grand Rapids
last week and then it opened in Chicago
New Jersey yeah and and in Illinois in
New Jersey and Michigan play in theaters
so this week
member first its opening on a bunch of
screens following the places that we've
actually went to so let me see
opening November first Minneapolis at
AMC Arbor lakes Houston at the AMC
Willowbrook in the AMC Gulf point 30 in
Columbus Ohio at the gateway Film Center
in Des Moines at the Century W Des
Moines Jordan Creek in st. Louis at the
AMC West aisle of San Antonio at the
Regal Cielo Vista so every place we go
with the movie me and J then the movie
opens up in our wake so if you don't if
you don't want to see it with us at
reboot Roadshow com you can go to
fandango.com just enter Jay and Silent
Bob reboot and see if it's pioneer you
it's a good time it's a heartwarming
film every night for me going to watch
this movie is like being in church where
I'm the priest and also the person
they're celebrating have you made a deal
with iTunes or some of those Saban films
has the movie domestically and they've
got an output deal with somebody I think
Amazon and then Universal has the movie
abroad we're opening in the UK November
29th or something like that I'm going
over there Thanksgiving yeah fucking
smoke oh no I got some menus all you to
tour there as well for a week in England
so so it's got homes and stuff but we
the reason we go out on tour was cuz you
know I like you I got an audience man I
can count on the audience and I live off
that audience like normally me and Jay
are just out there I'm doing Q&A or or
stand-up or whatever so like going out
with the movie like the budget of the
movie was like we you know we shot it in
New Orleans so it's like 10 million but
you get money back so it's like eight
million we needed eight million bucks so
we got some money from Saban for
domestic rights we got some money from
Universal for the overseas rights but
then there was equity financing we had
to pull together like a missing to three
million bucks to make up the budget and
stuff and that's where you get money
from real people people were like I'm
gonna invest in a movie and hope I get
my money back or if not make it and
stuff and those people always get fucked
in this business never make their money
back ever but the tour
like I was able to assure those people
I'm like within one year of the date we
start the movie you're gonna get your
money back because I knew I could take
the movie out on tour and as long as I
was willing to live with it we can get
all that equity financing back so one
year from the date of my heart attack we
started shooting Jay and Silent Bob
reboot as a big fuck you to the heart
attack one year from the date we started
shooting Jay and Silent Bob reboot I'm
gonna be able to pay off my equity
investors that's fuckin unheard of in
this business but I only get to do that
because the audience that we built up
because the audience will come out and
support us and like I was told a long
time ago like if you work for the
audience you'll never work a day in your
life and it's absolutely true I've
hadn't had a boss yeah and then I meet
the bosses every night at the show and
they're beautiful like their fans as
they are my boss they give me money just
like a boss gives you money and shit and
they'll let you know if you're fucking
up you know the audience will fucking
tell you your boss will let you know but
it's this tour with this movie like we
banged out a tiny record because we
don't have marketing money it's one
thing to get money to make the movie
then it usually cost double what you
spent to make the movie to market the
movie to tell people it's coming to put
it up on screens and shit so we were
lucky enough to get the 8 million to
make the movie we weren't gonna get
fucking 15 to market the movie that's
crazy and that's generally what happens
so we just had to be smarter about it
and since that tour anyway with the
podcasts oh my god let's use this
fucking model and expand it so we hit a
little record with our opening weeks we
did the opening day of the tour was in
New Jersey at Asbury Park at the
Paramount and we did like ninety three
thousand on one screen so we got that
like a the record that week for like a
limited opening or something like that
and you know it and every headline was
like you know Jane saw Bob reboot beat
Avengers end game in this one record and
you know it's it's one of those things
you send your mom and you're like just
read the headline don't read the rest of
the article and feel like really smart
business-wise and stuff and so me and
Jordan Monsanto is Jason's wife she's
the kind of the brains of our operation
we we thought like we could count on the
audience we'll take the movie out on
tour and stuff like that and it's really
been working out and it's nice that like
some business people are being like hey
good job like people are gone like oh
they figured out their niche and they've
been doing but we've been doing this for
years we did with red
years ago remember we toured that as
well so it's great if you got like most
filmmakers wouldn't bother cuz they're
like I'm just gonna put in a bunch of
theatres and shit and let the studio pay
for and I don't have a studio so I got
to take my movie to the people and for
wallet be honest with you like I started
as an indie filmmaker so that's in my
blood and there's something insanely
gratifying about sitting there with the
audience I never had that early in my
career they just put the movie on a
bunch of screens you hear number was how
you did being in the room seems like you
just you miss out on all the stress of
all the other aspects of moviemaking the
worst the thing I used to hate the most
man is you spend your time trying to
make a movie you dream like I want to
see it up on the silver screen you have
these movie dreams and shit and then you
have to make it reality if you're lucky
you get to make the movie reality if
you're lucky it gets a release if you're
lucky you spend opening weekend not
celebrating like we fucking did it we we
did a thing that not everybody ever
fucking does and Brian who are we were
chimps and we figured it out
but instead we'd spend every fucking
waking moment of opening weekend going
how much to make who's going are people
going like isn't it's not making enough
fuck we got to drive more business and
suddenly the joy of what you were
seeking is fucking gone because you're
mired in the business and if you're the
if you're lucky if you're the Avengers
you get a month at the box office that's
about it before everyone moves on to
something else
if you're a Kevin Smith movie you don't
even get a weekend you get a day if
you're fucking lucky and so suddenly all
that dreaming took me five years to make
this movie and living through a fucking
heart attack comes down to one day at
the box office fuck that man like tilt
the table in your favor so I said I'm
gonna take myself out of that box-office
race and instead do this like what I'm
losing in well I don't have marketing
except what I'm losing in a mass release
of the movie I make up for it by being
able to accompany and move myself and
that makes it a premium event it event
eise's it it's an idea that I stole from
Eddie Izzard I remember when I fell in
love with that is roots stuff I was like
Eddie Izzard is literally just doing
fucking stand up in a big theater with a
costume on like he's just doing stand-up
that you would do with fucking improv
and stuff but like he event eyes dit he
turned it into something it's a one-man
show as opposed to like he's doing
ninety minutes of stand-up so for us we
were like let's take the movie on the
road and
ties it if you're next to the movie
people like oh shit the directors there
if I bring gent like oh shit Jay and
Silent Bob are there as well so it's
been like a blast but you just have to
be willing to put the time in and and
you know some people like yeah you could
do this but I'm like yeah we could do
because we've been doing it for like a
quarter man 25 years since clerks happen
and from day one I've been engaged with
the audience long before it was like
fashionable or profitable just because
why else wouldn't I want to like in the
early beginnings I was like my friend
Ming Chen the guy from comic book men he
built a website and I was like can you
put up like a thing where I could do Q&A
all the time with the video is that
possible he goes no because it was like
1990s 95 and he goes back and put up a
message board and it was like a
whiteboard like read it he's like people
could put up those long before read it
exists people could put up messages and
then you could look at him anytime you
want 3:00 in the morning you can respond
to him and I realize I'm never gonna
fucking be alone again in this life man
I'll always be able to reach out to
somebody who's like hey man I saw your
movie I had a question for you
and boom there's a connection should
mean that so since 95 I've been in it
like online with the audience like and I
remember when I started it was me and
Peter Jackson were the only two
filmmakers on the web and then Peter
Jackson got smart it's like if I'm on
the web I'm winning Oscars and he went
off and had a great career I'm still on
the fucking web because I love
connecting with the people that that
you're trying to reach like you know I
don't do it in a vacuum going like like
good filmmakers like David Fincher they
make a thing and they put a movie out
there and they don't fucking go follow
it they let the movie speak for itself
I'm the other guy who's like when the
movies done I run out and buy gold on
let me tell you the story of how it all
fucking happen and shit what people love
it
it's it's it's different and it works
incredibly well first so the tour every
night last week was like fucking sold
out and it just felt like amazing and as
the tour unrolled unrolls
we were gonna fly from place to place
and then I was like let's just fucking
drive let's do it punk style so we've
been driving around it's yeah we got a
little SUV and we've been trucking
around and it's fucking glorious man I'm
49 you don't get this at 49 this is a
shit you're supposed to do in your 20s
but like post heart attack now I'm like
well like post heart attack I didn't go
crazy where I'm like give me all the
post
in the world and she had like nothing
really changed for me but I didn't
become very cognizant of like you know
my wife hates when I say it but I'm like
I'm living on borrowed time I know for a
fact my old man fucking died after the
second heart attack we're all living on
borrowed time act accordingly I'm just
acutely aware of it because I was so
fucking close to the moment so it's not
so much like I'm having a midlife crisis
not by any stretch of the imagination
but like anything that allows you to
feel like young vital makes you feel
like oh yeah this is why I started shit
like this or it's fun like we're making
a living and I'm it's crazy like we're
on the road all the time and I've been
saying all week like this is the best
vacation I've had in years
even though we're working sometimes
three times three shows in a day because
it never feels like work I'm just
driving around my whole job is to like
go to a theater and fucking show the
movie to people and stuff it's really
fucking dope that's awesome man I'm
happy for you Thank You Man I am I am
always um how was the piss
it was great I needed it I know you're
always getting there as long as I could
beers weird pains that's like you don't
want I couldn't concentrate you want if
you want good steady flow yeah what I'm
walking away from this session with you
is that I know bullshit I think when I'm
done with the tour I'm gonna start
working out yeah not like you know games
for cows egg and shit yeah don't go
crazy just some mustard oh no I think I
need to do let me see I'm 49 I turned 50
in August I gotta be able to do a bug
and pull up 50 you can do that that's
totally achievable strength training
where were you in high school like I
could have used that kind of like you
can do that keV instead of it was like
fucking fatty get off the bar and shit
now some people have a different
approach they were I know that you've
got that Zen Yoda Yoda Rogan approach
you now where's it where's your show
tonight Comedy Store two shows you got
you know you're gonna do yeah you were
gonna do the same show both times no no
um I have some new stuff that I have to
work in so I'll try to figure out how to
do it these shows there's a lot of
lugging around whatever size depends I
did you ever know there bit where you're
like I'm gonna open with this and then
I'll try the new stuff you always try to
open with something that's proven works
but sometimes not
sometimes there's a thought that gets in
my head like right before I go up I'll
go see what this works so wait a second
how many stores a gym basically to work
out yeah I mean you get paid but really
it's a gym you probably had a part a
point in your career now where you don't
even have to like come up with shit to
do on like late nights because you don't
even have to do what was last time you
did like a late night thing yeah don't
do those too often I was gonna say like
you got your own fucking audience those
people are gonna love you do you figured
you crack the code you like you you
built a thing and you were like I'm
gonna build my own thing you're like the
Coen brothers of this bitch comb
brothers like we're like we're gonna do
our own thing and it's fucking weird and
it doesn't work like your thing at all
but we're gonna stand over here and
we're gonna keep doing it and slowly the
whole industry gravitated toward them
they stood outside of it and then
everybody started doing their
sensibility their sense of humor their
type of casting you're the same fucking
thing you you bill and I watched it in
fucking real time you built a thing and
you were content to be like I'm happy
with this like I don't need to fucking
chase this or that I'm building a thing
and now you're been rewarded by being at
a place where you don't have to like go
anywhere to promote whatever it is you
want to do you literally do it fucking
here feeding your own machine think
about it instead of gentlemen on
tonight's show or something like that
and giving them ratings you feed your
own beast by being like oh I'm gonna be
here come see the show you know it's
really I don't even do that
what do you mean I don't talk about my
gigs I just do it through social media
you never you never on this very rarely
Bill Maher does at the end of every
episode he's always like hey man I'm
going to a gig tonight he doesn't have
social media
I don't think does he's not on yours for
sure very strongly I just post stuff up
on it's what I do two minutes out is
sitting with this it's like you know
yeah I mean I talked about it casually
like I'm in Houston and then no Dallas
on November 15th and Houston on the 16th
there go I just did it what you know it
man but oh listen man I'm I'm I love
what you do I love the fact that you're
living in this vibe you know you've got
this thing that you do and where you
make your films
you promote your films you go on tour
with them and I like that you've switch
it up to like read stay is one of my
favorite movies man I fuckin loved that
movie because it was so crazy guy I
didn't have any idea what to expect when
I sat down to see that but I love that
you've got that sort of artistic freedom
you do what seems like a thing to do and
you know it's masturbatory I guess on
some level it's creative is what it is
as long as people enjoy watching me
masturbate I'm alright I think people
like watching you beat off who knows tip
my jar yeah you know I'm a cam cam kid
thank you brother thank you for having
me Kevin Smith ladies and gentlemen
goodbye
[Applause]
[Music]